Hello everyone , Katya and Lana
and video review of new technology from
hello companies today will be a video review
l ti darkness cooked meet Redmond
rmc-m 4502 complaining about the look of the design
multicooker
universal metallica combination
white color makes it easy to fit
almost any kitchen also
a huge plus is her small
sizes that are 29 by 29 and by
29 centimeters total multicooker weight
about 3 kilograms but in principle it is not
it is important because you're not going to not
run around the map
build quality is excellent all parts
fit each other nowhere nothing
creaks and does not falter but as they say
not design we do satirist in the kit
besides the very multicooker bowl
attached container for cooking
for a couple
160 ml measuring cup
ladle flat spoon instruction
use
of course the power cord and that
important book on 120 recipes with
pictures with step by step instructions and
guidelines on recruitment and quantity
ingredients
the device has a drain for
condensation accumulates on the lid during
cooking time to collect it
a special bowl is provided
has a non-stick coating worth
note that even though the manufacturer is
parameters indicates the volume of the bowl
multicooker 3 liters markup on it
only up to two and load it higher
top not recommended
control takes place via sensory
panel with a few buttons you
can set the desired mode
configure the functions of the holy display
the display shows the time to
cooking power given
500 watt models that for its volume more
what is most important is the mode
work them to hang rice pilaf hot
milk porridge buckwheat soup steaming
keeping warm
preheating baking and stewing time
cooking can be adjusted by
discretion is also present
delay timer up to 24 hours
choosing what to cook for dinner
throwing necessary
products press the key and go boldly
to work
come back and there is a fee
and if you attach multicooker forces
smartphone, then you can call home
ask dear multicooker itself
includes and performs the specified
program and then just support
dishes at a certain temperature
Down with the kitchen slavery multicooker
redmond has a good
functionality affordable price and
compactness if you still don't have
multicookers then it's time to think and and
shopping you immediately feel like it
save your time with you was lana
Katia and a review of a wonderful slow cooker
Redmond rmc-m 4502 from allo company
like and subscribe to our
channel so far i'm hungry